so how to be converted decimal number into
binary number
We will continuously divide the given number by two till
the number becomes one
And in each step we will print the modulo
2 value Using the same approach we can write the logic
to solve The problem
Recursively first in the function divide the number
by two and invoked the next recursive call with numb
by two continued this process until the number becomes zero
and when it is zero just return and that is
our base case and print num mod two when the recursive
calls return because if we printed before the recursive call
we will get the binary sequence in reverse order
see this example
We have the input decimal value 10 So first call
function with 10 which is non zero value
So divide the number by two and call the function
again by passing that value that is 10 by two
which is five
And here we need to check if the number is
zero
But it is not so
Divide the number by two and we got two so
called the function by passing two here also check If the
number passed is zero but it is not
So Divide the number by two and we will get
two buy two which is one so called a function
by passing one
And here and here also the number passed is not
zero so called a function again by passing number by
two which is one by two
That is zero
And here when we check the number passed is zero
which is our base case
So we need to start returning and while returning
We need to print the number modulo two so
here one is printed next zero is printed and then
one is printed and finally zero is printed and we
got the binary value printed
So try solving the problem using this approach.